M6 ISP Mid-Term


Section 1 – 4 Conversations.
Section 1.A Questions 1-10
Sally:    (ring ring) Hello, OPPO. Sally Speaking. How can I help you?
Justin:  Oh hello, I’m phoning to complain about a phone I received yesterday.
Sally:    Oh, I’m sorry. What seems to be wrong?
Justin:  The screen is cracked.
Sally:    Oh I see. What’s your name, please?
Justin:  Justin Smith.
Sally:    Could you repeat that please?
Justin:  Sure, Justin Smith.
Sally:    Do you have an order number?
Justin:  Yes, 263/HRT/644
Sally:    Let me check that: 263/HRT/644. Is that right.
Justin:  Yes.
Sally:    I’m very sorry to hear about the problem.
Justin:  I can’t use the phone at all. I’d like a replacement.
Sally:    Yes, of course. You need to pack up the cracked phone and post it back to us. The address is on the invoice.
Justin:  OK.
Sally:    We’ll send you a new one immediately. It should be with you in five working days.
Justin:  That’s fine.
Sally:  Is there anything else I can tell you?
Justin: No, that seems clear enough. I’ll get it in the post today.
Sally: Thank you for choosing XL Products.  Have a nice day.
Justin: Thanks, Goodbye.


Section 1.B
Tom: Have you thought about what job you want after leaving school, Julia?
Julia: Yes, I’d like to be a web designer.
Tom: Why? What’s so good about that job?
Julia: I like the idea of working from home. How about you?
Tom:  I wouldn’t mind it. But I’m worried that I’d be too lazy and just play computer games all day!
Julia: So what do you want to do after leaving school?
Tom: I’d love to be a nurse. It looks like it would be interesting. I love helping people.
Julia: What training do you need to do this job?
Tom: A degree. I’m going to start one next year.


Section 1.C
Apple: Hi Simon! How are you?
Simon: Not good, Apple.
Apple: What’s wrong?
Simon: I’m really stressed out about my exams. I think I’m going to fail them.
Apple: When do your exams start?
Simon: Next week, and I’m not ready for them at all!
Apple: What subjects do you have problems with?
Simon: History, maths and science. I can’t sleep at night.
Apple: You really need to relax Simon. There’s no point trying to study if you feel tired and stressed. You won’t remember anything.
Simon: Yes, That’s good advice. But how can I do it?
Apple: You could try listening to some relaxing music. Do that for an hour after school before you hit the books.
Simon: OK, I’ll try that tomorrow. I hope it works.




Section 1.D Question 21 -25 Talking about Festivals and celebrations 
ISP2 Page 61. Lesson ‘H’


Section 2 Reading. Questions 26 – 30. 5 Questions based on this news story...

Nike has created a cap from garbage floating in the ocean, The new cap is part of a project to make more people think about ocean pollution. Nike has joined with an organisation called Wettest, which is dedicated to protecting the Earth’s oceans. Wettest’s Tammy Owen spoke about Wettest’s cooperation with Nike. She said: “Our objective is to tell people about what we’re doing and inspire projects that can protect and preserve the oceans. We are extremely proud that Nike is joining us  to show that is is possible to turn ocean plastic into something cool.”

Garbage in the ocean is a huge problem. UNESCO estimates that in 2016, there were forty thousand pieces of floating plastic for every square kilometre of ocean. Plastic kills a million seabirds and 200,000 animals that live underwater every year. Nike used some of this plastic to make a new cap, which will be available at the end of the next month. The front of the cap is made from sustainable materials, while the back uses recycled ocean waste which was once plastic and illegal fishing nets. Nike says it will be releasing more new clothes made from ocean waste at the end of next year.
Section 3 & 4. Questions 31 – 40.  Vocabulary.  What word means...
An animal that feeds its babies with milk.
Work together to achieve something.
Things we throw away.
Of the water or of the sea.
Increase quickly and by a big amount.
Public knowledge of a topic or issue.
The bottom part of the shoe that is under the foot.
   

